doc: advertise current plan on providers (#4365)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: README.md

| Provider |  Repo |
| -------- | ----------- |
| IONOS | https://github.com/ionos-cloud/external-dns-ionos-webhook |
| Adguard Home Provider | https://github.com/muhlba91/external-dns-provider-adguard |
| STACKIT | https://github.com/stackitcloud/external-dns-stackit-webhook |
| GleSYS | https://github.com/glesys/external-dns-glesys |
| Hetzner | https://github.com/mconfalonieri/external-dns-hetzner-webhook |
| Bizfly Cloud | https://github.com/bizflycloud/external-dns-bizflycloud-webhook |
| Netcup | https://github.com/mrueg/external-dns-netcup-webhook |
| Gcore | https://github.com/G-Core/external-dns-gcore-webhook |

## Status of in-tree providers

> ExternalDNS supports multiple DNS providers which have been implemented by the [ExternalDNS contributors](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/graphs/contributors). Maintaining all of those in a central repository is a challenge that has became too important to handle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ExternalDNS supports multiple DNS providers which have been implemented by the [ExternalDNS contributors](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/graphs/contributors). Maintaining all of those in a central repository is a challenge, which introduces lots of toil and potential risks.
```

suggestions, contributions, and help! Also, the maintainers can be contacted at any time to learn more
about how to get involved.

End-to-end testing of ExternalDNS is currently [performed](https://github.com/zalando-incubator/kubernetes-on-aws/blob/dev/test/e2e/external_dns.go) in the separate [kubernetes-on-aws](https://github.com/zalando-incubator/kubernetes-on-aws) repository.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should get rid of this line. We have zero access to Zalando's infra and this was mostly a line that was there when the project was 100% developed at Zalando, which is not the case anymore. I have some e2e that I run for releases, which are closed source and that I don't have intention to upstream / open due to how they have been written, but there are also tests written by Azure, that we may integrate more visibly in the process. I think for now let's remove this line, we'll figure later on how to provide info on what is being tested and how.

Author: Sounds good to me. I updated the PR.

> End-to-end testing of ExternalDNS is currently [performed](https://github.com/zalando-incubator/kubernetes-on-aws/blob/dev/test/e2e/external_dns.go) in the separate [kubernetes-on-aws](https://github.com/zalando-incubator/kubernetes-on-aws) repository.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
